Meg Hall: To know
Meg Hall: but I think, based on the feedback from yesterday's session. I moved all my stats, and, like stuff like that, like all of the
Meg Hall: our like accomplishments to the end to be in our like Q. And a. So that won't be in this 1 min part.
Chloe Lannert: So the goal with this part is to hook people to listen more brilliant. Alright, whenever you're ready.
Meg Hall: Okay.
Meg Hall: the enterprise sales industry is broken. We've made it far too easy for sales reps to buy a list and spam it. You've probably felt this. Your inbox is flooded with spam messages, which is why, in the last year, cold email response rates are down by more than 30% for enterprise. Sales, reps who have a limited number of named accounts that they can prospect into spamming, actually hurts their brand reputation, and ultimately leads to sales, reps, chasing small deals, leaving millions of dollars of revenue on the table.
Meg Hall: Well, sales play is the opposite of that. We help enterprise. Sales, reps, win bigger deals by being more thoughtful and strategic about how they prospect into large accounts. We do this through surfacing the latest news and insights, and creating a unique point of view on why that business needs your business, and then, generating personalized slides and documents for the sales, reps. Let me show you how.
Chloe Lannert: Beautiful. You're at 50 seconds. I also huge apologies. Anand I realized a lot of the founders already have met Yogesh and Andrea. But I want to give you the chance to introduce yourself quickly.
Adnan Dawood: Cool
Adnan Dawood: great to meet you all. So in a nutshell. What I do is create brands and make them famous. I run a marketing agency which ties with various different partners. Usually working in the press field. And so that's that's where I may mainly manifest a brand, and by brand, it could be a person, or it could be a company.
Adnan Dawood: One of my, the most famous works which I've I've been fortunate to work on is making the brand of Dubai famous. That was a couple of decades ago, when people didn't know what Dubai was and then I've worked in in the tech world and tourism and across several sectors.
Meg Hall: I'm I'm on. Make me make me famous, please.
Meg Hall: Makes it.
Adnan Dawood: That's what I.
Meg Hall: Household, name.
Adnan Dawood: I'd love to. It's it's it'll be an honor. And what I'd be. Lo listening for is is when I work with the companies I look look for headlines. So I look for
Adnan Dawood: how people, exactly what you guys are doing today. So give me the hook. You know, I'm I'm looking to see if I can be hooked into what you're presenting.
Chloe Lannert: Wonderful. Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: All right. I'm going to open the floor for for feedback for next pitch. Whoever wants to kick us off.
Anthony De Silva: I think, Meg, this is like super. This is awesome like heaps of improvement. Since yesterday the only thing I wasn't clear about is like you mentioned spamming a lot like in the beginning.
Anthony De Silva: And then it wasn't connected to like the solution.
Anthony De Silva: I know, like you
Anthony De Silva: said it like it's gonna be more like curated content, or like a more specific like thoughtful like, approach to this. But like the spam piece wasn't like, there wasn't a solution to the spammy piece of like outreach. Yeah. So maybe.
Meg Hall: If I have 10 seconds, maybe I can explain, like, how our system is different than spamming
Meg Hall: right? I mean, or I spend that 10 seconds talking about the traction so far, because I do want to make sure. That's like very clear.
Ankur Toshniwal: I think that explaining it is a little bit better, because I think you'll get a chance of Q&A to explain traction. But, like I agree with 1st off, I would say, this is the cleanest I've ever heard it like really clean.
Ankur Toshniwal: I I guess we item closer. I'm actually I should shut up. I'll let the mentors speak because you guys are hearing it for the 1st time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Each other ankle. You're good work.
Ankur Toshniwal: Good work, good work. I'm sure they appreciate.
Andrea: Hi, everyone. I I guess I could do a quick intro. But
Andrea: I'll make it short. I work at Google. I meant to meet you all in person at our lunch and learn. So I hope that you all had a lot of fun meeting my team. I'm also a techstars alumni
Andrea: 2 times same company. And I worked at techstars. And I, my role is just supporting startups. So my, what I'm gonna come into this is just making sure that it's really clear. I think the best pitches I've ever heard a 5 year old can understand and no one's left with any questions or doubts. And so that's kind of like what I'm always thinking about when I hear pitches.
Andrea: and Meg, I think the only thing that
Andrea: left me with a question, and if you can address it similar to what Anthony was saying.
Andrea: I'm a little. Maybe you can answer this for me now, but like I'm a little confused on
Andrea: if the Channel is still going to be email, or is it something different?
Meg Hall: It's it's across the board. So it's more of like we help them to figure out like, why, that business needs you, and like the relevant things, whether they're hiring for somebody. But like, it can be that we reproduce emails we produce like phone call scripts. We like try to find like events, they're going to be at like we're. We're trying to find multiple ways to coach them to get into it. And it's more of like leading with value rather than just sending like a blanket spam
Meg Hall: email. Right? So it doesn't necessarily matter what channel it is. There's going to be like a like if you're trying to really break into a large account.
Meg Hall: you're going to try every single channel right and ideally like you're going to want to get like referrals into that account and things like that. And you're going to have like a relevant reason why you're reaching out.
Meg Hall: So it's more about being more thoughtful and not just blanket spamming. But yes, email is one of those channels. But it's not the only channel.
Andrea: Yeah, I think maybe I just missed that part. But making that clear, because in my head, I'm thinking, is it just curated emails like. Obviously, there needs to be a solution like the problem and pain point is very obvious.
Andrea: And I think the live demo will obviously help with that piece, too.
Meg Hall: Yeah, yeah, definitely. So, Andrea, before we move on, I have a question for you. So A little birdie told me that there might be like an A 16 Z event happening at the Google Building at the same time as our event.
Meg Hall: Is there something going else else going on that we can. We can go network with.
Meg Hall: Yeah, not that I know of. But I will ask. I know the the the person who manages that relationship sits on my team.
Meg Hall: Okay? Yeah. I heard that they have, like a whole portfolio event where all like I heard, like the CEO of Google, is supposed to be there, speaking for their event.
Andrea: I will, I will find out, cause. If that's the case, then
Andrea: maybe they can the demo day, or vice versa.
Meg Hall: Okay. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Andrea, welcome to founder life! Look at them every angle I love it. Look at that.
Andrea: I love it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, they're like, Oh, yeah, they're not. Gonna you can't get it past them. They're in it.
Andrea: No, the thing is like. If you don't ask, you'll never know, so ask away, and I'll do the same, and I'll I'll report back. I'll ask her right now, actually.
Meg Hall: Okay, thanks.
Meg Hall: You guys.
Yogesh Mehra: Good to see you again, Meg.
Meg Hall: Hey, yeah,
Yogesh Mehra: Compelling page. So I think you know, just from a framework standpoint, there are 3 things that I look for one is, what does the solution do? Second is, who is it for? And the 3rd is the differentiator.
Yogesh Mehra: So your differentiator was kind of somewhat clear. I mean you. You touched upon it. Right? It. It's an enough of a teaser that you are talking about that you know, it's different from just the email. So that's clear. Your who is also clear it's enterprise. You know your what? This kind of maybe building on what Andrea was alluding to as well. Your what in terms of you know, it's not email.
Yogesh Mehra: But what is it? And we don't need to get into too much detail, but maybe spending 5 seconds on it. I think is going to kind of complete that piece of the puzzle, so that that would be my thought.
Meg Hall: Yeah.
Meg Hall: so our platform actually doesn't send any messages out on behalf of the seller. Right? It's more of like. So I think that maybe I should make that clear, like there is like a graph that I show for a lot of times. It's like we're the missing messaging and strategy layer that sits in between your Crm and your outbound prospecting tool. So that that way your thought, your sellers are being more thoughtful and strategic about the way they go to market. It's like, maybe I should try to work that in there a little bit.
Yogesh Mehra: Hey?
Yogesh Mehra: Yeah? Or sometimes kind of, you know, starting from
Yogesh Mehra: just very simple, relatable terms, and using an anchor that they would understand as simple as a custom. Crm
Yogesh Mehra: for you.
Yogesh Mehra: That's just an example. It could be anything you want, but something that's very, very simple, relatable, and an easy anchor.
Meg Hall: Okay, got it.
Meg Hall: I think I think I know how I can do that. I think I can anchor on like you all have a Crm. Probably that's for everything backwards. Looking of what's happened in the account. And our platform is for your planning on how you're gonna plan to break into large accounts. Right? So it's like the other half of a Crm. That's for forward, looking almost.
Yogesh Mehra: Yeah. And I think it also flashes a little bit on the differentiator as well. Actually. So that's
Yogesh Mehra: killing 2 birds.
Meg Hall: Cool.
Chloe Lannert: Zillion, who's my next victim or anand? Do you have any?
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, like points.
Adnan Dawood: Yeah, if if so, I don't know if other mentors have heard these pitches before. If you guys heard it before, or is it the 1st time. Everyone's hearing the pitches.
Adnan Dawood: anyway. So my my feedback was I would sort of
Adnan Dawood: delve on the pain point a bit more
Adnan Dawood: again, and I would love to hear it again, maybe as a recording or something, because it it went by too fast. But I I would love to. I know there's a pain point that there's a problem you're solving. And
Adnan Dawood: if that pain point could be expressed a bit more, and where the audience could sort of hear it and feel it.
Adnan Dawood: And then you go into your problem your solution. I think that would hook me in
Adnan Dawood: and that's just my 1st impression. But I would really wanna hear it again a couple of times before I give
Adnan Dawood: a response.
Meg Hall: do you think that it's like that is? Do you think it should be brought up more in the beginning for like more of a hook, or should I?
Adnan Dawood: Yeah, yeah, I would just imagine it. If it's a you know, like it's a news program. When you hear the Evening News, or we don't hear the news anymore. But imagine if it's a news segment, right? They they get you. When the news presenters speaking they get you in at the hook point. Right? So so talk about the problem and and make
Adnan Dawood: express it sometimes exaggerate the problem so that people feel it. You just may need to make your audience feel the the pain
Adnan Dawood: that you're solving.
Adnan Dawood: So yeah, bring it up right in the beginning.
Meg Hall: Okay.
Chloe Lannert: And Anthony, I'll I'll have you start getting ready momentarily, but for a little bit of extra context. Andrea met the crew very briefly at the very start of program, and yougesh met the founders during mentor madness. But no one has seen these pitches before, so everyone's coming in.
Andrea: Meg real quick. I just heard back there is a 16 Z event going on. It is very Vip. I think we have hired 8 security guards. So unfortunately, no founders allowed. But that is happening. I'm trying to find out the time, Chloe, just to make sure it doesn't overlap with Demo Day too much.
Chloe Lannert: Good to know, appreciate it.
Meg Hall: Maybe if you could get some of those people to come to our event like.
Andrea: Right. That's why I was trying to figure out like who what timing it's at. So just anyways, I have updates over here.
Meg Hall: And and what floor is that happening on, and what what room?
Meg Hall: If I find a demo day.
Andrea: Totally perfect building.
Meg Hall: Okay, thank you. I appreciate it.
Andrea: Of course.
Chloe Lannert: Anthony, you wanna share your goals, and then you're ready to.
Anthony De Silva: Sure.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, the goal of the goal for me with the pitch is to get more like custom introductions so it's
Anthony De Silva: geared towards lenders, mortgage lenders, and realtor brokerages.
Anthony De Silva: Those are the connections I'm looking to get out of, like the pitch and an entire demo day video that I can like we use to send to like other clients.
Anthony De Silva: Here we go.
Anthony De Silva: My co-founder and I bought a home together last year.
Anthony De Silva: It took 30 days for us to close on the home.
Anthony De Silva: Our home inspection took a week, and the bank surprised. It took another 2 weeks to come out to inspect the property.
Anthony De Silva: The nerve-wracking wait for the clear to close document from the bank lasted weeks.
Anthony De Silva: arriving just in time for us to close.
Anthony De Silva: My name is Anthony and my co-founder, Don and I are building really to change this.
Anthony De Silva: to help you get your dream home faster while saving money.
Anthony De Silva: We're a property condition and valuation data platform that streamlines the process of home inspection and appraisal.
Anthony De Silva: We use a single comprehensive inspection to collect all necessary data
Anthony De Silva: eliminating the need for an on-site appraiser visit
Anthony De Silva: really can cut up to 20 days of the closing process
Anthony De Silva: for lenders. This translates to faster turnaround, reduced risk and improved capital efficiency
Anthony De Silva: for buyers and realtors. It means a smoother closing and less stress
Anthony De Silva: beyond that really can put 1.5 billion back annually into the pockets of home buyers.
Anthony De Silva: And then we'll go to the demo.
Chloe Lannert: That was 1, 10.
Anthony De Silva: One time
Anthony De Silva: I could I could cut a little bit or speak faster.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. And Annan, we're not focused on the tone and delivery. Yet the one element there that we are focused on is speed to make sure that the content they're preparing fits within the bounds of the 1 min, and they aren't surprised. A week later, when they realize they have to chop it in half.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: If I may, I'll also just add one quick thing, recommendation for everyone going forward. You should stand up
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and give your pitch and say like you mean it, even if you're still learning, even if you're still practicing it, don't just read it off.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Try to deliver it like you're standing there. And actually, in the context, it's worth it. And it's worth us feeling the actual emotion behind it. Because, Anthony, I thought that was a really impressive story. It was like captivating. I like slowed down my thinking to listen to you. But I'll let other people weigh in and get feedback, but I just thought like that deserved you standing up and giving it to us.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, I I just. I don't have it like practiced or or memorized yet. So.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Who cares?
Anthony De Silva: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Get at it, man, let's go. Do it! Live.
Yogesh Mehra: I I can go. I I like it. I think all the elements that we talked about. They are there.
Yogesh Mehra: I think.
Yogesh Mehra: you know where there might be an opportunity to to be efficient with time is on the differentiator. So I heard, like 6 differentiators right? This on site appraisal. There's 20 days saved. It's 20 billion. And then there were a couple of the right. I think it's like, Hey, you get the platinum model. You get the gold medal. You get the silver medal. I think you can just leave it at the platinum.
Yogesh Mehra: So that's 20 day, save or or and and then pick one more. That's you already, kind of, you know. Hit hit the nail on its head. That that can be. You know, time efficiency idea. And then I think the the only other thing I'd say is the 20 billion number. If you want to talk about it, those number are are just feel very out there, so maybe convert it to what it means for savings
Yogesh Mehra: per buyer.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, it's.
Yogesh Mehra: That's pretty.
Anthony De Silva: Which is why I have to go like, it's 1.5 billion. So like per user, it's like
Anthony De Silva: 2 50 to 500. So which is why I went with like the industry like this is what we can like save for the industry.
Yogesh Mehra: Yeah, yeah, I'm I'm telling you. This is more than a decade of experience in mortgage. So if you convert it to either a a per number or even percentage.
Yogesh Mehra: because 500 is 20%
Yogesh Mehra: so if you're converting it to a percentage that might work as well. So just something to think about.
Anthony De Silva: Okay.
Andrea: I was so I think Neil kind of hit on it a little bit.
Andrea: but I was looking for more energy. I know we're not giving a ton of feedback on that. But I was like
Andrea: this seems really exciting. And so I wanted to be excited with you. But I just I wasn't so I think, just for for next time to kind of bring some of that energy because I can. I hear the lived experience.
Andrea: Which is great, it helps really pinpoint the problem. But then the solution felt less exciting than the problem.
Andrea: So just just a thought and then the other thing for me. I was left with a question around
Andrea: who is paying for it? I'm assuming it's the buyer. But is that correct?
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, it's it's the buyer that's paying for it. It's but you, typically, these services get recommended through like a realtor or a lender. Which is why we're like targeting pitch towards those partnerships.
Andrea: Okay.
Andrea: So it's kind of a you're, you're
Andrea: your channels are gonna be the realtors. But then the perch, the buyer is gonna be the the one.
Andrea: It was actually okay.
Anthony De Silva: Which is why I like the 1.5 billion savings like towards the end. But again, yeah, maybe that's something I can drop and just
Anthony De Silva: focus on on the lenders.
Andrea: Yeah. Yeah. And I, I think making that a little bit clearer if you can, is fine.
Andrea: but just something to think about. I imagine that's gonna be a big question that you're gonna get is
Andrea: who's because you're gonna be putting a lot of energy into the
Andrea: the channels right? But then, what's in it for them like, what's the incentive for them to actually encourage their buyers to
Andrea: to pay for this? So maybe that can be answered in the Q. And a. But that was like the big question that came up for me. So again, if you can kind of be upfront about it so the investors in the room in particular, are left with
Andrea: excitement and opportunity versus doubts. I think that that
Andrea: would work better. But but overall, you know, I understand exactly what you're doing. It's makes sense.
Anthony De Silva: Thank you.
Andrea: Yeah.
Adnan Dawood: Yeah, so my feedback, I would echo what Andrea just said but I know we're not looking at energy and and tone and pitch right now, but I think the story was laid out very well.
Adnan Dawood: I was just. I was just thinking again. And I'd love to ask you again, what is your headline here?
Anthony De Silva: Save time and money for all stakeholders in a real estate transaction.
Adnan Dawood: Okay.
Adnan Dawood: yeah. So that that would be a big key takeaway. I don't know if you could re say it in a very obvious way
Adnan Dawood: or say it in some way where people just were not paying attention would just go away with that.
Adnan Dawood: because I think you're you're doing a very good job at at leaving people curious, and then go into the next phase, which is faqs
Adnan Dawood: so I would just accentuate the headline a bit.
Anthony De Silva: Okay, yeah, I could end with.
Anthony De Silva: yeah, this is like, we're able to save like 20 days. And like, X amount of dollars. And this is how we do it and go to the demo or something like that. So
Anthony De Silva: cool. Yeah, makes sense. Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Alright. Esmail, what are you trying to get out of demo day.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah. So 1st of all, shall I stand up here? Now? Okay, let's do so I just need to adjust my camera here. Otherwise you would see my
Esmaeil Sadeghi: big belly so.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And it means you're eating good. Bro.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah. So the objective here, it would be actually to get warm intro, to like a potential
Esmaeil Sadeghi: like a connection like manufacturers, especially if someone knows someone in the field of manufacturing that would be really ideal for us.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: So that's the goal. And then we show like the video, first, st so basically with video, we are intending to like unpack this concept complex concept of manufacturing to some extent.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: and then basically try to again explain it in a different way, actually, with our like 1 min pitch.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: And so that's the purpose.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: I won't say the headline now, but leave it for the end of the page. So let's see what you get from my page. And then we can discuss it later. So.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: okay, do you know, what do space rockets, Ct. Scanners and wind turbines all have in common.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: They rely on measuring critical parts, and even a tiny defect can cause failure. It would be a million dollar mistakes that happens in real life, and sometimes it can. It can cause human lives.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: usually not due to bad design, but how the part was made under unstable condition on the shop floor, and that's when manufacturer lose more than money. They lose time, trust, and also reputation.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: At Optifa we help manufacturer get it right. The 1st time
Esmaeil Sadeghi: our AI software reads production data and predicts failure points before production starts. No guesswork, no trial runs just confidence. We work with companies like Siemens, Honeywell, Ge. Aerospace in a 1.2 trillion dollar market that cannot afford failure.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Thank you very much.
Chloe Lannert: 1 0, 1.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: One or one okay, should have been fast.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: And the headline I had. Actually, it was like from guesswork to certainty manufacturing. I don't know if it was like. If I was able to convey this message.
Adnan Dawood: So can I go?
Adnan Dawood: so I liked it. I I really like the way you laid out your story, and I especially like the fact that you name dropped certain clients.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Exempt.
Adnan Dawood: And you laid out the problem. Very well. So
Adnan Dawood: yeah, I I think it's it's pretty good.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Thank you very much.
Andrew Fernandes: Is a 1.2 trillion dollar market specifically for failures. Or what does that represent?
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah, it's for like emerging critical applications like a medical aerospace and energy. So they are like a specific facing issues with failures,
Esmaeil Sadeghi: and rejection rate rate is almost 50%. It's huge, like one out of 2 would be rejected somehow before, like putting the final application.
Andrew Fernandes: So so does that mean 600 600 million. Sorry, 600 billion is the
Andrew Fernandes: amount lost? Or what is like? What is the amount being lost because of the price.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah, 1.2 1.2 trillion dollar
Esmaeil Sadeghi: so we are especially focused on this. Of course, inefficiencies. Manufacturing can go to like be
Esmaeil Sadeghi: beyond, like 2, 3 trillion dollars. But so basically, we are only focusing on these 3 sectors for failures.
Andrew Fernandes: Okay, then, at least to me it wasn't as clear. Maybe just add a couple of words to make it clear. The 1.2 trillion dollars is the loss.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Okay, like inefficiency. And so on. Yeah.
Adnan Dawood: So, Chloe, I have a I have a clarification here, so are we telling the whole story here, or we're we're giving a snippet right. And then it goes into videos and Faqs. And and further discussion, right.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So this is the 1st minute of a 6 min set where they have a demo. Video. Some have it before some have it after, and then the 4 min QA.
Adnan Dawood: Right. So I don't know if there's a format already, or cause
Adnan Dawood: I think it's it's okay to not tell the whole story and leave a bit of curiosity, because that's how you hook people in.
Adnan Dawood: or is there a text.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Correct? No, no, the the job of that 1 min is to hook the listeners into listening for the remaining 5. So the whole notion is that many people are on their phones or twiddling. They're distracted. They're thinking about other stuff. And then Smel gets up there and starts to speak, and people need to stop.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: lean forward and go. I really need to listen to the rest of what this guy has to say.
Adnan Dawood: And that's what each of them need to do. Okay.
antoinecarriere: And for Ismail. If I remember correctly, you have the video first, st then your minutes, and then the QA.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: That's true.
Adnan Dawood: So where I was getting with that is, Neil. Help me clarify.
Adnan Dawood: I think it's okay. If they don't put all the facts in that 1 min, right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's correct. You can clarify the gritty details in the QA. This is storytelling, this is activation. This is the the hook for the remaining conversation.
Adnan Dawood: Got it.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: So, Adnan, are you saying that I was like too detailed here, like maybe like I had some other things like yesterday during the like. The some other practices we had like talking about, like having some Phds from University of Waterloo in our team, but so I just left it for for the actual like Q, and a session.
Adnan Dawood: Yeah.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Like those details. For instance, I initially had it my page. But then remove, if you think that I still have too many details here. Probably I have to work again.
Adnan Dawood: No, in my opinion, I think it's perfect. You don't have too many details, because too many details at this point could lose you on is.
Adnan Dawood: you know, again I again, this is my opinion. I look at it from a Comms perspective. Imagine when you're watching the news, you have the presenters talking about what's coming up ahead right and then, and then it goes into a detailed segment. So
Adnan Dawood: your your 1 min here is that presenter talking about what's coming up in the next segment, and then the next segment goes into detail.
Adnan Dawood: Sure is is that a good analogy? Chloe and Neil.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Of course, we already saw.
Yogesh Mehra: Yes. Well, I I like that. I I think it was to the point. I I do have a question. Who who is the buyer here?
Esmaeil Sadeghi: It would be the part manufacturers.
Yogesh Mehra: So it would be Siemens, Honeywell.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yes, so these are also having, like manufacturing site in their facility as well. So this can be the best buyers for us. And of course there are many others like with not this level of name and recognition.
Yogesh Mehra: And you would be pitching to the sourcing department of these buyers.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: To manufacturing department, to engineering department quality control Department.
Yogesh Mehra: Got it. Got it. That's helpful. Now, what I especially like about this is the fact that you had the proof points laid out.
Yogesh Mehra: You had laid out seaman you had laid out Honeywell. Maybe I think the only suggestion I might have is.
Yogesh Mehra: it's a complex product.
Yogesh Mehra: and it needs a bit of an unpacking which you would do in in due course. But maybe think about, you know, if you can add more proof, point, that sort of
Yogesh Mehra: that brings more relatability.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Anthony De Silva: It's fine.
Anthony De Silva: Sorry, Chloe, go ahead.
Chloe Lannert: One little nitpick. I would just work on condensing the language in your hook a little bit, making sure that it's super super clear when you're making that comparison.
Chloe Lannert: We got there, but it seemed like that could be cleaned up a little bit. If you have a written script, I can help you workshop that a little bit.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Sure, first.st
Chloe Lannert: The call.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Sure. Thank you. Yeah.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, yeah. The the beginning was a little long.
Anthony De Silva: Ismel, are you already like working with Siemens, or are those your customers or or potential.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: These are like potential customers, but we are working with some pilots right now that can connect us to these companies. And
Anthony De Silva: Oh, I think you.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: I can.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, I don't know. If, like saying, we're already worth like working with.
Anthony De Silva: I don't know. Just think about it. Maybe.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah, yeah.
Andrea: I was I
Andrea: honestly, as far as clarity. It's 1 of the best ones that I've heard. Like I was able to follow, beginning to end.
Andrea: The customer names were really powerful.
Andrea: The thing that stood out to me the most was time, trust, and reputation. Like it was, there was a way in which you said those 3 things that really stood out so just to kind of keep that in there, because that was really helpful. And maybe it's because I I know the hardware manufacturing space a little bit. But it it just. It was very clear for for me. Especially since you're gonna have the video. In the beginning.
Andrea: I actually think the flow into the 1 min pitch is gonna make a lot more sense for people, because this is a very visual thing that they're gonna have to see
Andrea: in order to fully grasp everything. So if you ever want to share the video ahead of time to kind of make sure it flows together. I'm I'm happy to look.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Definitely. Thank you very much for the comment.
Andrea: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Alright, Antoine! You you ready.
antoinecarriere: I am ready. And so the goal the goal is to
antoinecarriere: to basically launch Rio, which is an interview coach, an interview job, interview prep coach in the Us. As you can tell, I'm French, and we've launched in France a few months ago, and now we're launching our b 2 c market in the Us. And that's that's the the goal.
antoinecarriere: So it's going to be too long. But hopefully, not as long as the last time around
antoinecarriere: Imagine interviewing for your dream job, you spend countless hours preparing. You're super stressed. You can feel your heartbeat. You open the door.
antoinecarriere: It's showtime.
antoinecarriere: except within a minute, you know. It's not going well, fast forward to the end. You have the crushing feeling that you blew it. Most of us have a version of that story. I know I do. My name is Antoine, and I failed my 1st interview at Google.
antoinecarriere: and but later with over 500 interviews as a hiring manager under my belt I saw the real problem often the best candidates on the best interviewees.
antoinecarriere: That's why I built brio to give everyone, no matter their interviewing skills or background a fair shot at the job they deserve available 24, 7. Brio gives you supportive, actionable feedback, tailored to your industry and showing your confidence. Get authentic on D-day.
antoinecarriere: and it works in less than a year. Over 10 schools have become paying partners. We've surpassed 50 Krr. And achieved our 1st profitable month
antoinecarriere: with over a billion formal job interviews a year. We are democratizing, coaching in a hundred 1 billion dollar market.
antoinecarriere: But at the end of the day our users telling us every day how much they love Rio is, why we do this. Let's take a look.
antoinecarriere: and then it shows it goes into the the demo, the product demo that has a a meaningful part that is around kind of a a interview. Users that have that are talking about their experience using video and our transformation. No need to ask for that.
Chloe Lannert: Congratulations. You've cut 40 seconds since yesterday you had a 1, 22.
antoinecarriere: I think there's still a lot I can. I can cut.
antoinecarriere: But before cutting more, how? What? What did you? What did you guys think.
Andrew Fernandes: I I think you can trim down the scene, setting a little bit, probably do that whole intro in 3 sentences or less.
antoinecarriere: Love, this.
Yogesh Mehra: Edna, do you have data on.
Yogesh Mehra: you know, sort of the the efficacy of the product. It cut the time to find a job by 30%? Or do you have some kind of proof point that
Yogesh Mehra: stands out.
antoinecarriere: So I do.
antoinecarriere: But it's bullshit, because a lot of it is declarative at the end of the day.
antoinecarriere: And so we actually have 2 stats that we use when we sell to to schools, which is a stat around the satisfaction of of students with the interview. Prep. Thingy, because they're they're typically they hate the current service center
antoinecarriere: and and the kind of service center that is, our buyer wants to be loved. And we say, like 95% of people. And that's true. But it's you could say it's bullshit, because it's basically we've asked people who use the thing, and we've we've asked them like, How did you like it before? And how do you like it now? So it's a little, most likely a little exaggerated. But it's a real stat grounded in real data.
antoinecarriere: And we have another stat around. The how how prepared they are.
antoinecarriere: And but it's same thing. It's
antoinecarriere: how they're telling us, and it's our users that are telling us. But I do have. We can say like a 3.rd they they get they get 3 times their their success rate at job interviews is 3 times higher
antoinecarriere: in terms of the timeline. We haven't asked that specific question. But that's that's a good. That's a good one, because it's the way that that schools would measure like, how many, what percentage of students 3 months in have a job.
Yogesh Mehra: Yeah, I I think, even saying what you talked about, which is your your your conversion? Your conversion is 3 times if you use the product that that goes a long way.
Yogesh Mehra: So I think something that just talks about.
Yogesh Mehra: you know, here is what happened for those who use the product. I think that I think that's worth considering. I think that's going to go a long way other than that.
Yogesh Mehra: The product is easy to understand. You had all the points. It could be structured a little bit better and the flow could be a little bit more streamlined. But yeah, those are the thoughts.
antoinecarriere: Can you? Can you elaborate on structuring it better? And the flow streamline if you have like specific examples, because I'm all
antoinecarriere: I think it's crappy. So please go ahead. But tell me specifically what is crappy and what needs to be changed.
Yogesh Mehra: I won't say it's crappy. You know all the things that I and everybody talks about. You should take that, as you know.
Yogesh Mehra: on on the face value, and then use your judgment to to see what makes sense. I did think you you kind of, you know.
Yogesh Mehra: maybe spent a little bit more time on.
Yogesh Mehra: you know, introducing the the need for the product. You know, I've been there. It's scary. I I think it. It's important. But maybe that's an area where you could cut that a little bit more, because it's this is such a intuitive and easy to understand.
Yogesh Mehra: And so I don't think, you know.
Yogesh Mehra: you probably need to spend that much time in in in explaining why this is so important.
Yogesh Mehra: Does that? Does that make sense.
antoinecarriere: Yeah, yeah, that does make sense. It sounds like, yeah.
antoinecarriere: So stats on effectiveness.
antoinecarriere: And I should be. I shouldn't be too worried that my stats I wouldn't buy them because I I know how they are built.
antoinecarriere: I I just, I understand that it's kind of the question. The natural question is, how effective is it? And if I can kind of summarize that it's effective with a clear number as long as I'm truthful in what the number I I quote like our users tell us that. X it's it's it's it's fine
antoinecarriere: and and on the kind of
antoinecarriere: the on introducing the need for the product. I kind of it's it's a pretty easy to to understand
antoinecarriere: thing, and so I need to find the right the right way to.
antoinecarriere: I mean, we have an image we have is the whole mirror image. All our users are telling us that they practice in front of the mirror.
antoinecarriere: And that's that's basically the the the. So maybe that's 1 way to contra contract the whole
antoinecarriere: right. Now, I'm trying to kind of get people very emotional like taking in in their in their remembering the last time they they messed up a job interview, because we all did. We all messed up at least one.
antoinecarriere: And and the people who never did. They're not customers. I don't. They don't need our help.
antoinecarriere: And so that's why I'm getting too long, and I'm I'm hearing what you're saying, Andrew. I'm too long sorry.
antoinecarriere: Next week.
Anthony De Silva: Detective.
antoinecarriere: Oh, I I thought I thought, Chloe, you were telling telling me to to kind of move on.
Chloe Lannert: I'm trying to move the time along a little bit. Yeah.
antoinecarriere: Okay. Okay. Okay. Sorry.
Meg Hall: I thought I heard you say that you failed your 1st Google interview, but I don't.
antoinecarriere: Yep.
Meg Hall: Said that you actually got hired at Google, so I wouldn't lead with you failed your 1st Google interview. If you're not going to say that you later on went to work there, you know, because everybody else in the room doesn't have the context.
antoinecarriere: Yeah, yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, maybe bring back the 15 years.
antoinecarriere: Yeah, okay, I'll cut. I'll cut some more and bring some back.
Andrea: I just had a quick question for you. When you say schools, I'm assuming it's universities right.
antoinecarriere: Yeah.
Andrea: Okay, I just like super small thing. But I would specify universities. Cause. I've seen a lot of
Andrea: similar things like this for high school students, which are also referred to as school. So something really minor. But there's a big difference between like the university market. So just make sure you add that, and then I think, maybe to cut down. I agree with you like the the main benefit of your pitch is that you're really pulling people in with that like emotional kind of string.
Andrea: But then you almost jump too quickly into the traction. So I wasn't able to keep feeling that
Andrea: and so just just something to to point out. You listed a few you know, wins that you've had, which is great. But maybe there's an opportunity to just pick the top one or 2 that are gonna really show the audience that you've been able to kind of progress over time. So those are the 2 little things for me.
antoinecarriere: Sounds good.
Andrea: Yeah.
Adnan Dawood: Yeah, I think if if your entire pitch was cut down into the time required, it would be perfect, because I think you hit a lot of checkmarks. Storytelling was very good emotion. Angle was great, especially leading with failure. Because that humanizes your story.
Adnan Dawood: and I would encourage if if other founders can bring that in
Adnan Dawood: and and then you went into the success. Also, you showed that you have credibility in this in this problem because you've done 500 interviews or so.
Adnan Dawood: So I think all those were really good check marks. And then you went into
Adnan Dawood: how schools are using this. So I I mean, if for me it was perfect, if it's just the timing part.
Adnan Dawood: But the humanizing part was good.
antoinecarriere: Okay.
antoinecarriere: Okay. Okay.
Chloe Lannert: Encore. Viv Trina! Chris, who's my next victim.
Chloe Lannert: you know I will pick you.
Ankur Toshniwal: I'll go after this next one.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, Chris, thank you.
Chris Wong: Hey, everyone Chris with legalese and so the I'll have pitch first, st and then I'll have the demo after. And then for Q&A. I'll be covering more of the go to market traction kind of like details about the business. And so just kind of give you guys kind of an outline of how it's gonna happen. And so I'll just go ahead and jump into my pitch.
Chloe Lannert: Were you targeting.
Chris Wong: Oh, yeah. So goal is to get connections with new customers which are lawyers. And I'd like to get intros from anyone in the audience that knows a lawyer. And so that's my goal. There is to get intros to folks in the audience like their lawyer. Contact.
Chris Wong: Cool. Thanks, Lee.
Chris Wong: Alright.
Chris Wong: When I became a lawyer I never thought I'd be a data entry bookkeeper.
Chris Wong: I left my big law job because I hated time tracking.
Chris Wong: We hate time tracking. We hate tracking invoices.
Chris Wong: These are not my words, but words of lawyers we serve.
Chris Wong: I'm Chris CEO and co-founder of legalese, and before this I was also a lawyer at Cooley, and, like most lawyers, I charged an uncomfortably high hourly rate and spent hours each month justifying it.
Chris Wong: I track every task that I did, how long I did them and describe them in my clients bills, but I also hated it because it's time that you can't, bill for time. You'd much rather spend helping your client, and frankly, time. I'd much rather spend with my family, and this is a common story felt by lawyers from different firms and practices. In fact, most lawyers across the United States spend about 10 h each month on legal bills.
Chris Wong: So at legalese, we're on a mission to save lawyers time for what really matters. And we're doing this by building an AI platform that automatically tracks what a lawyer does in real time, and describes that work in their bills, so that they spend no more than 1 HA month on legal time tracking and billing.
Chloe Lannert: 1 0, 8.
Chris Wong: Thanks.
Adnan Dawood: Great energy.
Andrea: I can go first.st
Andrea: first.st Yeah. I was, gonna say, like the energy I was immediately like drawn into what you're doing. And the problem. Your personal experience really stood out. I think you spent the right amount of time on that
Andrea: because it kind of led also directly into the problem like the the flow of it, made a ton of sense to me. And then there were 2 things that really stood out to me which is around
Andrea: kind of grounding your solution. Right? So you said right now, is it 10 HA month that they spend on that
Andrea: and then you're lowering it to 1 HA month. This is just something to try out like you could. Just
Andrea: the the conversion right is that you're basically lowering it by 90%. And I don't know. Percentage is stronger than just the hour. I'll kind of let you figure out that. Or if anyone else has any thoughts? Because I think that is a huge
Andrea: change. And so something to just like, figure out, how do you make that even more powerful
Andrea: but other than that no, I I totally got it made a ton of sense.
Chris Wong: Got it. Yeah, thanks. I, yeah, it's good to kind of that differential. Maybe percentages may be better than just the difference, because they have to do with subtraction and math.
Andrea: Yeah.
Chris Wong: The math like you. Just tell them what the math solution like. The solve, like the answer is, Yeah.
Andrea: Yeah, exactly. And that's why.
Chloe Lannert: Hours.
Andrea: Nice.
Chloe Lannert: 10 h doesn't sound that crazy to an audience member. Obviously, when you're in it, and you're actually spending 10 h doing a task, it feels terrible, and like the lawyers will get it. But I think the 90% will probably resonate more broadly.
Chris Wong: Got it. Okay, helpful.
Adnan Dawood: So.
Adnan Dawood: I I think this was perfect. I was just wondering out loud what what could make it better?
Adnan Dawood: What if you added like a call to action in the end like. So if you're a lawyer.
Adnan Dawood: get in touch, or if you're a lawyer, I'd love to hear from you, just so that you sort of wrap it up with with your ask.
Adnan Dawood: But other than that, it was perfect.
Chris Wong: Yeah, I was gonna make the ask right after I I was. I'm still debating about when the ask is, but I'm guessing right at the end of the QA. Is like the ask, because just to like leave it as the last thing to think about. But I could put it in the middle. I haven't really thought through that, actually
Chris Wong: but I hear you the next the transition into the demo was going to be something like. But don't take my word for let me show you what that means. And then it goes into a video, and then it'll play the video with, like the things that? Yeah, the feature like, kind of highlight, the benefits. Yeah, and how it works.
Andrew Fernandes: But I'll think to the.
Adnan Dawood: Makes sense.
Andrew Fernandes: To
Andrew Fernandes: to the point about tenant hours, not setting up like that much to some people. Maybe you could quantify that dollars you could say, for every 10 lawyers the firms are losing whatever like. I know how much we pay like 30 grand a month, or something like that.
Chris Wong: Oh, I see what you're saying. Yeah, quantified from dollar amounts. And then also, like the amount is pretty high. So like, maybe that will be. It's like making the numbers even. Yeah.
Chris Wong: I I see, that's that's interesting. Okay, I'll have to think about that. I'll have to do some math around that. But if it does come out, maybe there is like something even more.
Chris Wong: Yeah, even more provocative. There, yeah.
Yogesh Mehra: Yeah, I I think it is. It could solve the points. It was clear, easy to understand. Everything was on point. I think you know one of the things it's already mentioned here is, make the benefits relatable.
Yogesh Mehra: and
Yogesh Mehra: good way to do that is either convert into dollar or some other metric that's very relatable to the person you are talking to, not the category, not the industry. So I think to that, and converting it to you know, dollar amount would go a long way.
Chris Wong: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome, uncle, are you ready.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yes.
Ankur Toshniwal: I am trying to figure, okay, yeah, yeah, I'm ready. Let's do it.
Ankur Toshniwal: okay, yeah, we're we're targeting generally early early investors. And
Ankur Toshniwal: sorry I'm reading early investors and
Ankur Toshniwal: not direct customers, but people who would have customers. So like our customers won't be in the audience, but they might might be there they might be there through conduit. Yeah.
Ankur Toshniwal: Alright cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You gonna stand up.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, I might think it's kind of low.
Ankur Toshniwal: I I am reading my thing so.
Ankur Toshniwal: but I'll try and make it real
Ankur Toshniwal: alright.
Ankur Toshniwal: Alright at harvest. We're on a mission to empower teams by automating repetitive tasks with AI
Ankur Toshniwal: companies like Zoom info, rely on armies of analysts and data engineers to gather information from the web so they can deliver precise sales insights to their customers.
Ankur Toshniwal: They're going deep into ever changing websites, extracting millions of data points on companies, product prices and regulation change changes and then synthesizing it for their customers in a way that chat, gpt, or perplexity cannot
Ankur Toshniwal: analysts and data engineers work together, manually flipping through websites and maintaining thousands of lines of code that break as soon as a website changes.
Ankur Toshniwal: These operations don't scale efficiently, and they both train resources away from core product development and customer onboarding
Ankur Toshniwal: harvest provides a simple interface for teams to discover structure and precisely extract information across millions of web pages.
Ankur Toshniwal: We use AI agents to make sure that your code never. You never need to write code again, and we're excited to show you the 1st look at our harvest agent.
Chloe Lannert: 1 0, 8.
Adnan Dawood: Of course. Have you had any personal? Do you have any personal angle in this.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, I mean, a little. Yeah, I do.
Adnan Dawood: Do you have a problem? And then you went on to solve it like, is there a that story.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, yeah, I I mean, never at this scale, of course, because I I wasn't working at like a huge company. I wasn't running a big company, but even from a small company perspective. When I was 1st built building my 1st startup, I
Ankur Toshniwal: had to do a lot of outreach a lot of research on competitor analysis, trend analysis to just get an understanding of business insights. And I was trying to do it myself
Ankur Toshniwal: and then found that when I tried to buy services they also struggled with the same problem. Even even though we were, even though I was trying to do it first, st was trying to manually, and then when I tried to purchase services, they also struggled to do it as well. When I spoke to them.
Adnan Dawood: Exactly what you just said in the last 30 seconds. If that was concise and and brought into like how this problem came into being. How this solution came into being, I mean, I don't know if if it would add, if it just consider putting that in there
Adnan Dawood: as part of your story.
Ankur Toshniwal: Okay. Cool.
Andrew Fernandes: I think you changed it compared to yesterday. You started out with harvest last yesterday. You led the problem. I think we should probably leave with the problem.
Andrea: Yeah, I I can go next. I think, for
Andrea: for me. Maybe this is one of those that I need to look at the script, and like, see if there's an opportunity to kind of reorganize some things. Cause. I was following everything, and then
Andrea: I got a little bit confused when you transitioned into, like the AI agents. Code like the end, actually felt the more most clear to me than than the rest of it, and to the point that was said earlier. I was kind of
Andrea: waiting to really understand the problem from your perspective. So I think that if there is an opportunity to add that in there that would be really helpful.
Andrea: And then I guess, just from the live demo, is it? It's following the pitch. Right?
Andrea: Okay, okay, I just wanted to make sure.
Andrea: yeah, cause it might be interesting if that goes in the beginning. But anyways, don't let me. Don't let me confuse you.
Andrea: but your energy was actually really great, like.
Andrea: as far as how you presented was really strong.
Yogesh Mehra: Yeah, I I like it. I think you
Yogesh Mehra: like I I could see there is a there's a structure
Yogesh Mehra: you're talk. You're trying to lay out the problem and and how you're better and how it can be used. I think all the elements were there. There could be streamlining, as as others have pointed out. I think one of the things.
Yogesh Mehra: This is a suggestion I know. Probably time is not. Your friend
Yogesh Mehra: is going to be like Chat Gpt and other tools are not good.
Yogesh Mehra: Because if you can add 5 seconds of why, it's not good, it's not real time it
Yogesh Mehra: like, just bring out your differentiator if you can.
Yogesh Mehra: I think that would make it even more compelling.
Yogesh Mehra: Is it a better crawler? I don't understand the the differentiator. There right, whatever it is, I think
Yogesh Mehra: you know, just unpacking that or double clicking on that just one level. And and see if you can squeeze it there in the page. If that makes sense.
Ankur Toshniwal: Make sense. Thanks.
Chloe Lannert: So.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Viv, I've got you up next right.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Hi! So my objective is to unearth all of the automotive connections that everyone has in the room. And because we're trying to change an entire industry, and how people purchase cars I want to connect with, like the best of the best Ux product experts who've done this before in their respective industries.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: So I think I was at 105 yesterday, and I've reworked it entirely. So I know I'm going to be over time. I'll condense it. But here we go, car shopping sucks, and we all know why. Yes, there are too many options. But the real problem is that it's a sales process that no one trusts. It's the only industry where distrust is baked into the experience, and everybody walks in expecting to protect themselves. Customers don't want to be sold to, and dealerships and salespeople are trained on tactics that created this reputation. They're stuck with.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: The industry has tried training, marketing, and even rebranding salespeople to brand specialists. But they're trying to deliver a world class experience using the same pen and paper process. The process hasn't changed. So the reputation hasn't either.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: I personally worked with over 100 dealerships, and 9 times out of 10 they say the same thing. The process is broken. Salespeople forget to ask the right questions. Buyers are holding back information. They show the wrong vehicle at the wrong price, and the deal falls apart. It's a 2 trillion dollar industry still running on paper forms and memory, and it's burning through people. Dealerships will flip up to 80% of their sales teams every year.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: and it takes 3 years to get really great at it. But they quit in 18 months. The future of car buying isn't sales tactics. It's a concierge. Experience. May, or making auto easy, replaces the outdated manual process with a guided digital sales tool that matches customers to the right vehicles and gives them real time, personalized presentations, turning every conversation into an experience designed to help sales. Teams sell smarter online or in store.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: We're not just fixing the process. We're redefining the dynamic between the buyer and the seller, bridging both sides to make progress, picking the right car faster and with less friction.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: It's long.
Chloe Lannert: That was 1 31. But honestly, I think from 1 min on the video can just start. And that
Chloe Lannert: text, it can be the voice over of the video like that last chunk can overlay the demo.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Okay.
Chloe Lannert: I'll hand it over. Y'all can jump in.
Yogesh Mehra: I can go. I think it's very complete.
Yogesh Mehra: It talks about
Yogesh Mehra: it, talks with the problem statement, what's in it? Why, it's unique. Who is it? For it lays out the pain point. I think there is energy, there is emotion, and and all the components, both the hard components and the soft components are there as long as to Chloe's point.
Yogesh Mehra: you know the the timing can be managed optimized. I think it would be even better but no, I think it's it's good.
Andrew Fernandes: Minor tweak for accuracy.
Andrew Fernandes: not the only industry where distrust is baked, and I can think of a few others perfect.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Sure.
Andrea: I was just gonna say it. It was it was really really easy to fall. I mean, I think it's 1 of those things where the problem you're solving everyone has faced or knows someone who has experienced that. So it's a little bit more relatable to the audience. But that said, even though it was 30 seconds longer. It didn't feel that way to me. Because I was so intrigued and engaged by what you were saying,
Andrea: yeah, no, I think overall like it was. Really, you know, it's it's a little long. So if if we need to cut down.
Andrea: I'm happy to keep helping, but otherwise like it was really clear.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Thanks.
Adnan Dawood: Yeah. And same thing here. From a storytelling point, it was really good. Your energy was great.
Adnan Dawood: You illustrated the pain point. Very well.
Adnan Dawood: And I saw you brought in your credibility. Fact. There that you've spoken to 100 dealerships. That was also that. That is something I took a mental note of.
Adnan Dawood: So I think it's great, you know, just the timing part you could work on.
Chloe Lannert: I am
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Can I add.
Chloe Lannert: It's.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Sure just about like.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: because the the product is b 2 b, there's a b 2 b to C layer. Do we feel like I have a good balance
Vivian @makingautoeasy: of like being able to. I know the video is going to be there. I think the challenge is like, I'm don't know if I'm explaining the product. And maybe I'll let the video do that. But the same point I want to leverage the video to be more than what the product is currently.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Or do you think that's it's good? It has good balance right now.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: and if not, that's fine.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: or I'll take it.
Adnan Dawood: Seen the video. But but
Adnan Dawood: I I've worked in this industry a bit. And I think any anyone who's in automotive understands
Adnan Dawood: this is a problem. It's it's a huge problem. And training's always happening. So
Adnan Dawood: so I think I think if your question is, are you addressing b 2 b properly here, and and I think people will get it if they're in automotive.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Okay.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Thank you.
Andrea: Yeah, I was just gonna say, I wouldn't overthink it. I think I think where you're at right now. It's really great. It's just kind of refining a little a little bit.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Thanks.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome, Trina.
Trina Das: Hi Kendall.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Trina Das: Hi, I would start with my video. First, st we are targeting the radiology labs in the Us. So I'll be looking for connection in the medical diagnostics or biotech tech teams.
Trina Das: So I'll just
Trina Das: take you through my pitch. I'm really not sure how much time like you know, over I am. But let's see.
Trina Das: Okay. So I'm sure some of you here have sometimes struggled due to missed detections and false positives, or someone from your family have every year. In the Us. Over 11 billion radiology and pathology tests are performed, and 15 to 20% of those tests results in misdetection and false positives
Trina Das: that cost us diagnostic labs, billions of dollars and puts lives at risk trains fixes this. We help labs deploy. FDA approved AI assistance backed by clean structured data, real-time radiologist support and compliance.
Andrea: Did everyone lose her.
Trina Das: Radiologists who are there to support them on the spot, real time, whenever they need to reach out for second or 3rd opinions, we are building the future of error-free diagnostics by bringing together AI human expertise and data infrastructure to make medical diagnostics faster, more accurate, and safer at scale. I am a Harvard, and Forbes, under 30 alumni, built and sold to startups in the past.
Trina Das: scaled my 3rd startup to more than 2.5 million dollars in monthly recurring revenues. My second, my co-founder, has been in Nvidia Qualcomm and adobe in senior software engineering roles, having worked in video processing and 3D stack image processing, giving us the right skill set to solve this problem for making diagnostics error-free. Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Alright. That is 1 38. We also lost you for a bit. About 30 seconds in
Chloe Lannert: I don't remember exactly where where we lost you.
Chloe Lannert: but it was high level. I know that people have in the room have, like dealt with misdiagnosis. It's this big problem.
Chloe Lannert: And then.
Andrea: It was like right after the
Andrea: the solution piece, like right after.
Trina Das: Oh, yeah, okay, so do you want me to like, you know? Read it out once more.
Chloe Lannert: Can you just like give us a chat? Or do you have a script in front of you?
Trina Das: We do like. I have it on my my or ping it to me.
Trina Das: I'll take some time to write the script, I think. Let me just tell you the solution part. So in the solution, we are saying that trins is fixing this. We help Labs deploy. Fd. Approved AI assistance, backed by clean structure, data, real time, radiology, support and compliance, tracking
Trina Das: all in one seamless platform. But hey, AI cannot do it all. So we are providing the radiologist with real time radiology, assistance by certified radiologists, community which will be there to support them for second or 3rd opinion if they require at any point.
Trina Das: We are building the future of error-free diagnostics by bringing together AI human expertise and data infrastructure to make medical diagnostics faster, more accurate and safer at scale.
Trina Das: So that's the part.
Ankur Toshniwal: So a lot better than I think. Last time like yesterday. Trina. Also, I I do think.
Ankur Toshniwal: I I think the actually ending where you just said was like, I think, really powerful.
Ankur Toshniwal: I think the credential thing feels out of place.
Ankur Toshniwal: I I get. Why, you why you do it, but maybe either lead with it or put it in the QA. Because it just feels kind of you ended on such a good like what you're doing. And then you're like.
Ankur Toshniwal: go into a different direction. So I think I would save that for your QA. Some of that. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Plus one on that it. It takes too much time. You want to be able to actually discuss that info just move all the team stuff past exits into the QA.
antoinecarriere: And if you want the the team I would I would just do the the name. Drop the companies that they've worked at as opposed to say what they've done. I think this is you're you're already kind of
antoinecarriere: you are. You're you're anchoring that they're super credible when you say Nvidia and and their role.
antoinecarriere: If they are a kind of senior engineer at Nvidia, you you you blended! These are credible people.
Trina Das: Yeah, thank you. And still on. Thank you. All good.
Andrew Fernandes: I think, with the solution. There's a few too many ideas packed into one sentence of struggling to repeat back exactly what the solution is.
Andrew Fernandes: that's see.
Andrew Fernandes: So the advice would be to shorten that down, cut down the details. And really, the solution just focus on the benefit.
Chloe Lannert: Annan, Andrea.
Trina Das: Maybe I can add prince data infra can save 20 billion dollars for Us diagnostic labs annually and reduce test reading times by 90%.
Andrea: Yeah, I was.
Andrea: I'm glad you reread it because I had definitely missed some pieces, and it made the the pitch. And what you're building a lot more clear. This is really, really minor. But at the beginning, when you said was it negative results?
Andrea: I wasn't sure what kind of negative, like negative results of what I was thinking. My head was all over the place. So it's super minor. But just say, like medical negative results. That'll just clear it a lot more, and then we can follow the rest.
Andrea: But I I really there's I like things in threes.
Andrea: I think it just makes things simple. But the fact that you said
Andrea: error free AI assistant and human like there's there's something about that trilogy that's really
Andrea: powerful, because I think a lot of the pushback that folks get on AI is that the human element is missing? But you're you're being. You're aware that that is something that you need for for this market, and you're bringing that in. So I think that that's really powerful. So if there is
Andrea: any way to like. Cut some of the noise and just make it like here, here's the value proposition. It's 1, 2, 3, right? It's the. It's the AI assistant. It's real time. And it's
Andrea: taking into account also, like the human piece.
Andrea: those 3 things are the pieces that really stood out to me as being different.
Andrea: And then, yeah, I think there's probably opportunity to cut somewhere else. But in general, like, I understood what what you all are are building, and there's a lot of powerful stats in there.
Chloe Lannert: I'll just jump in briefly. Trina, I think you have an opportunity to make the hook a lot more emotional. You're saying, although, like everyone here, knows that like has had a false positive like, that's not necessarily true. If you tailor that down like, think about someone in your life who's maybe had a false, false, positive, or has had to go in for some scary testing. You can make that a little bit more narratively engaging.
Chloe Lannert: and then people get the why
Chloe Lannert: immediately, like on the consumer side, you don't have to talk about like the exact stats of misdiagnosis or anything. If you just get people to think about someone in their life who's had a scary medical test where, like the results mattered. Maybe they like had to go get a biopsy or something, and like whatever that looks like, I think you can make that a little bit more engaging. I think you're still leaning pretty hard into the jargon, and I would save
Chloe Lannert: a lot of that. Like the radiology labs. We can save all this money like a little bit more for the QA. Unless you're inviting a bunch of people connected with radiology labs which I haven't seen an invite list for you. I would keep it pretty generalist and like, make people care about what you're doing. Since your product is so niche, you'll need to do a little bit more work on the front end to make people understand the why
Chloe Lannert: and who you're serving, and then you can connect that out to the market. Team for the QA. And Andre, I think the the human in the loop, like trifecta there, like huge double tap on that being something really really powerful and simple, where you can get people on board, regardless of how sort of literate they are in the space.
Trina Das: Sure noted.
Chloe Lannert: Cool.
Adnan Dawood: Yeah, I would. I wanna just echo exactly what Chloe just said. I was just wondering if there's an emotional angle here or founder story angle here? Or why did you get into this solution?
Adnan Dawood: You know. Honestly it, it read. It sounded like a product sheet and not an intro
Adnan Dawood: so maybe there's an there's an opportunity to connect here. But
Adnan Dawood: you know other than that it it sounds very good, but just maybe add that emotional angle, or a founder story, or reason for solving this. If there is, if there's none that's fine
Adnan Dawood: on top of it.
Adnan Dawood: and and maybe make the the problem a bit scarier, because some, I think Andrea just mentioned that there is a there's a medical imaging problem, right? So
Adnan Dawood: you know scariness is good. It's a good hook.
Trina Das: Okay, yeah, that's a great point.
Chloe Lannert: Also just last thing. Slow way down
Chloe Lannert: like that was a minute 38. But that wasn't a minute. 38. That was like probably 2 min, 15 seconds of actual content breathe
Chloe Lannert: and like focus on delivering, at least at the pace that you intend to.
Chloe Lannert: We don't, Carlos, still on this call, and I don't see Pius, so I think that is a wrap.
Chloe Lannert: Anyone else have any final questions or comments.
Chloe Lannert: Seems like we'll be able to give some time back.
Chloe Lannert: No, we're golden amazing, all right. Well, Andrea Annan, thank you so much for for being here. It's always so helpful to have a fresh perspective on these pitches, especially when folks are iterating day by day by day, so fast, so so excited to see what folks have tomorrow, based on your feedback.
Andrea: Yeah, it's great to see everybody, and good luck I know the demo day is gonna be amazing. So and here to help. Otherwise, too. If you all need additional support.
antoinecarriere: And we heard your commitment, Andrea, to have us all shake hands with Sundar.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, that's I heard I heard the same thing. I heard exactly.
antoinecarriere: Really really appreciate. All the strings you were able to pull.
Ankur Toshniwal: This is recorded, so we'll hold you to it.
Andrea: For you all.
antoinecarriere: And of course we're joking. We know that it's not. It's kind of a we trust you that there's 8 Security Guards
antoinecarriere: in addition to the 50 Security Guards that.
antoinecarriere: Well, there's 8.
Ankur Toshniwal: Security Guards. But there's 10 founders. So 2 people can get through. Guys.
Ankur Toshniwal: Remember that.
Andrea: I am gonna find out time it's at, because we can invite some of those folks to come to Demo Day. We should. Chloe. Yeah.
Ankur Toshniwal: We're stronger as a team.
Andrea: I will do my my homework on that.
Chloe Lannert: Some of a new new role has been added to the Associate, Jd. Battling Google Security Guards.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I know you're worth founders.
antoinecarriere: Yeah, I it doesn't work, they don't they? They're actually pretty pretty. Fancy.
Andrea: Really strict.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You have to be good enough to get invited to that event. All right, step your game up, stop being so thirsty.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Understand? The game.
Andrea: Well, them with your pitches.
Andrea: Yeah.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: So much great.
Adnan Dawood: Look forward to seeing everyone and fun today. Demo, day.